This is the first project status checking assignment that is used to confirm your group's understanding of the project with the client, to report the progress of your project to your client and to seek feedback from the client.

 In this assignment, your group are to present the followings to your client to seek their feedbacks:

Project Description and Scope: Describe the project and its scope based on your group's understanding.
Project Expected Outcomes: List all expected outcomes of this project based on your group's understanding.
Overall Progress Status: Provide the current progress and achievements of your project.
Key Issues: Provide the obstacles or risks that your group has met in the project until now.
Next Steps: Describe the plans and milestones of the project.
What does your group need to do?

Step 1: have a group discussion on the points listed above and make presentation slides to outline what your group is going to present to your client.

As long as your group's presentation slides contain all points mentioned above, your are flexible to use any presentation template you like.
Step2: attend the weekly client meeting (or book a meeting with your client if your group does not have a weekly client meeting this week), do the presentation and seek feedback from your client on each point.

No restriction on the presenter, e.g., could be presented by one spokesperson or by each group member in turn.
Step3: summarise the contents you have presented, and the feedback you have received from the client, complete the form provided hereDownload here.

Step4: Important -- All group members need to SIGN the form from Step3, and combine this form together with all client meeting minutes from week 3 until week 4 into ONE document. Send this combined document to your client via email to seek their signatures on the bottom of the document.

It is not necessary to write a seperate client meeting minutes for week 4. This checking form could be regarded as the meeting minutes for week 4.
If your group and your client do not have a regular client meeting on some week, please still have a meeting minutes with content as "no client meeting on week XXX agreed by both client and group members".
Step5: Get the signed document returned from client and submit the document on canvas before the due date.

One group only submit this form by one group member via this submission portal.